hi everyone its sous chef today I made
Korean chicken for Gogi this recipe is
so good and so easy to makes I hope you
enjoy it chop up some green onions and
garlic you can also add some mushrooms
and onions if you like now add 2
tablespoons of minced garlic 2
tablespoons of honey powder or brown
sugar 5 tablespoons of soy sauce 2
tablespoons of rice wine or sake 1
tablespoon of sesame seed oil
two tablespoons of honey and some
freshly ground black pepper
now cut up the chicken and combine it
with the marinade
lightly oil the pan and start cooking
intricate
sprinkle with some green onions and it's
ready to be served thanks for watching
and I hope you enjoy